with help from a federal grant Tierra
del Sol a non-profit group in Anthony
New Mexico plans to start installing
solar panels on 20 local low income
family homes ACS Amaya has helped
install solar panels on three homes in
the dos lagos Phase two subdivision in
Anthony we had a families starting
electrical bills started forty forty two
dollars and now they're paying
negative twelve dollars and ninety five
cents a Maya is a project director with
Tierra del Sol Housing Corporation a
group who helps low-income families
obtain affordable housing Veronica
Molina economic development coordinator
with Tierra del Sol says installing the
solar panels on the homes helps families
because it reduces their utility bills
these families were families that were
either eighty percent or or below area
median income and so they they need the
assistance with being able to pay
utilities so that they are able to
achieve the American dream and not only
get into a home but sustain the home and
also build equity in their home and in
their investment starting this summer is
yes Amaya plans to start work on
installing solar panels on twenty more
local homes we're going so far to help
the families even with their electrical
bills Tierra del Sol is also starting a
green job training course to teach
locals how to install the solar panels
so they'll be able to work on the
installation projects we are going to be
asking for willing participants that
would like to to learn the process of
solar panel installation explains
Veronica Molina
she says she's thankful they've received
the federal solar panel installation
grant to see a beautiful home and to see
a family be able to live in it and not
have to struggle financially to keep
their house and be comfortable in their
house because the solar panels they
provide a lot of a lot of savings for
these families it's it's a very humbling
filling for KRW G I'm Jared Anderson